room here more than 30 Palestinians have
been detained by the Israeli forces for
hours they've been blindfolded using
those Fabrics that we found here after
the Israeli forces left and also these
zip ties they're much more painful than
handcuffs they've been used to tie
Palestinian hands Palestinians hands
behind their backs and the more you
tighten them the more they stop the
blood flow and they become more and more
painful as time goes and Palestinians
were telling us they spent hours here as
the Israeli forces were interrogating
them talking to them and we've been
seeing a lot of those Mass detentions
happening all across the occupied West
Bank yes some of them were released just
four were arrested and taken by the
Israeli forces but many here tell us
that the aim is to really instilled fear
and intimidation amongst
Palestinians if you raise your head Two
Soldiers would beat you all over we
stayed in the cold for 5 hours while
they were mocking and beating us words
like you don't want what's happening in
the besieged Gaza Strip to happen here
in the occupied West Bank be wary of
supporting Hamas because this is going
to be the
result they knocked the door down my
three-year-old boy got startled they
also took him out in the cold he's still
traumatized he didn't say a word since
the morning people in the village tell
us that the Israeli forces almost raid
their Village every day detaining people
but also ruining their homes and
workplaces in addition to that this dirt
road is becoming the only entrance and
exit to De Abu mashal leading
Palestinians to drive for a long time
after Israeli forces have closed the
main gate of the village this is not a
unique case we've been seeing that
happening all across the occupied Bank
where dozens of Palestinian cities and
Villages have their entrances blocked by
the Israeli forces nid ibraim Al jazer
the occupied West
Bank make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer